(chore) Improve 3rd party language quick start guide (#3042)
highlightjs/highlight.js: extra/3RD_PARTY_QUICK_START.md

- https://github.com/highlightjs/highlightjs-cypher
- https://github.com/highlightjs/highlightjs-robots-txt

- Checkout a clone of the core repo [highlight-js](https://github.com/highlightjs/highlightjs) from GitHub.
- Read [Language contributors checklist](https://highlightjs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/language-contribution.html).

## Create a repo

Each language is developed in its own repo. This helps keep language definitions and maintainers independent of the core work.

> Determine if you will host the repository yourself or you want it to be part of the [highlightjs organization on GitHub](https://github.com/highlightjs).

Reviewer: This should be reworded to encourage people to start with their own repo - we can migrate it to our organization later if the user requests.  What happens when we let them decide first is we end up having a few people who never finish their grammar and then we have dead repos in our organization for a long time - and it's hard to decide when they should be removed.  Just awkward.

Would be much nicer to have someone send a link to their repo all shiney and ready to go and then if everything looks good it can be transferred or forked, etc... I think that's the sequencing we'd like to head towards.

CC @allejo

Reviewer 2: I agree with Josh. Having a complete and functional grammar would at least allow hljs maintainers to approve PRs should it be abandoned. But if it's incomplete, then it'd be up to the maintainers to complete it.

Author: including a reference to the template should make this easier

> To include your new language in the highlightjs organization, [create an issue](https://github.com/highlightjs/highlight.js/issues/new/choose) using the language request template and provide a description of your language and your intent to host it. We will follow up in that issue.

Set your repo directory structure to follow exactly the example(s) above.

> For example, if you have a `language` language, create your repo directory structure as follows:
> 
> - Put your language file in `src/languages/language.js`.
> - Add detect tests in `test/detect/language` (rename `language` to match your language name).
> - Add markup tests in `test/markup/language`.
> - Add a `package.json` file.
> - Include a license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you your grammar is named `pascal` you would create your repo directory structure as follows:

- Put your grammar file in `src/languages/pascal.js`.
- Add detect tests in `test/detect/pascal/`. 
- Add markup tests in `test/markup/pascal/`.
- Add a `package.json` file.
- Add a LICENSE so people know how your work is licensed.
```

Author: I agree with your suggestion, but as you also mentioned i think we should use a non-language file here because I wanted it to be the exact file used in the template project, and then very obvious all the files you need to rename. Should we go back to `xyz`?

Reviewer: `xyz` is ok I think, though a placeholder is easy enough to search/replace...

## Testing

> Going back to your clone of `highlight-js` core repo, create an `extra/language` folder for your language. Copy your repo `src` and `test` folders here.

Reviewer: Is that what people are doing?  It's much easier to just have/move your own repo's `git checkout` directly inside the extra folder... no need to copy or link anything... I wouldn't recommend copying.

If symlinking the folder into extra works we might recommend that (I haven't tested).

Author: I don't know about the git checkout process inside an existing repo, I need to learn how to do that. If that works it solves a major issue I have with this process and how I approached the set up for the template project.

Reviewer: Well git checkout or symlink (for any Unix people)... I never tried symlinking but can't imagine why it wouldn't work.

## Testing

Going back to your clone of `highlight-js` core repo, `git clone` or symlink your language repo into the `extra` folder. There should be an `extra/your-language` folder for your language.

> Any 3rd party language files placed here should not be committed to the highlight-js repository (by default they are ignored, just don't override that behavior.)

To test (detect and markup tests), just build highlight.js and test it.  Your tests should be automatically run with the suite:

```bash
node ./tools/build.js -t node
npm run test
```

If you can't get the auto-detect tests passing then turn off auto-detection for your language in its definition with `disableAutodetect: true`.  Auto-detection is hard.

## Packaging

Users will expect your package to include a minified CDN distributable in your `dist` folder. This allows them to add the module to their website with only a single `<script>` tag.

The highlight.js CDN build process will build this file for you automatically. You can simply commit and push your repo, and done.

```bash
node ./tools/build.js -t cdn

...
Building extra/highlightjs-your-language/dist/your-language.min.js.
...
```

> Copy `extra/highlightjs-your-language/dist/your-language.min.js` to your repo's dist folder `{your-language-repo}/dist/your-language.min.js`, commit and push it.

Reviewer: Why?  There should be nothing to copy.  If their repo is under extra then the file is already in the dist folder exactly where it belongs, it only needs to be committed.

When your language module is ready create a PR that adds it to the `README.md` file in the list of languages.

## The Future

More work could be done on:

- Allowing you to ONLY run your own tests, not the whole suite.

> - ~~Allowing you to maintain a 3rd party module WITHOUT it being inside of a `highlight-js` checkout (this requires discussion though)~~

Reviewer: Did you cross this out because your feel the discussion is over, or?

Author: related to your comment above, my initial approach was start with a highlightjs-xyz repo firs. but I agree, the better process is start with your own repo first, and transfer to highlightjs after approval. I'll update the docs to promote this process instead of what I had.
